{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18500\viewh11320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf0 I have had the pleasure in teaching Abner Kahan for two semesters in organic chemistry I and II, as well as the recitation for organic chemistry laboratory. Besides excelling at coursework, he is also very humorous and tries to make people happy in what is a stressful course. He also is very helpful towards others. \
He shows academic excellence by scoring the highest on tests out of around hundred student, while also participating the most in courses. He is always cheerful when answering or asking questions, and is never embarrased to speak in front of the rest of the class. Sometimes, he will answer questions incorrectly in front of the class, but he learns from his mistakes and gets perfect or near perfect on the tests. He loves organic chemistry, and likes to ask deep questions about the material such as why certain regents behave differently even though the reaction conditions are similar. He can connect old concepts to new concepts easily, allowing him to grasp new material.  He also jokes around in class,  saying puns like \'93Why can\'92t halides become president? They are elect-ron poor.\'94 Many students do not score well in the class, and he tries to lighten up the mood so students fell more enthuasitic about their possibility of success. He also offers to help students. For example, he went over a student\'92s test without getting paid, and also helps other students in answers to the practice tests during the courses. During a recitation review session, he drew the correct structures on the board, very quickly, one though I was giving over a brief overview of how to solve the problems. This is very selfless of him since the class is graded on a curve and any assistance he renders to others is somewhat self destructive. He ignores because of his confidence that he could get an A+ without a curve. The most difficult part of the course for him is finding the test location.  \
       Abner is smart, funny, and positive, and would make an excellent doctor. He has a relaxed and funny attitude and makes everyone in the room feel happy. He has no embarrassment about getting things wrongs, and will never rush a diagnosis in case he has a misunderstanding of medicine. There are many smart students in the class, but Abner is also unique in that he will not make careless mistakes, which is vital for the medical field. He is a warm hearted and positive individual, and I am sure he will leave his patients satisfied and happy. \
\
\
}